fix(publishergateway): used the wrong resource model (#266)
canonical/craft-store: docs/reference/changelog.rst

Changelog
*********

3.2.1 (2025-02-03)
------------------

> - Fixed a bug on the ``PublisherGateway`` client when making a release with a resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix a bug on the ``PublisherGateway`` client that caused releases consisting of
  a resource to fail.
```

Author: ```suggestion
- Fix a bug on the ``PublisherGateway`` client that could cause releases containing
  resources to fail.
```
